add doc for cue development guide (#1269)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/cue/development-guide.md

	kind:       "Deployment"
	spec: {
		selector: matchLabels: {
			"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
		}
		template: {
			metadata: labels: {
				"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
			}
			spec: {
				containers: [{
					name:  parameter.name
					image: parameter.image
					if parameter["config"] != _|_ {
						env: parameter.config
					}
				}]
			}}}
}
```

People who are familiar with Kubernetes may have understood that is a template of K8s Deployment. The `parameter` part
is the parameters of the template.

Append it into the `deployment.cue`.

4. Then, let's append the value by:  

```
parameter:{
   name: "mytest"
   image: "nginx:v1"
   config: [{name:"a",value:"b"}]
}
```

5. Finally, let's export it in yaml:

```shell
$ cue export deployment.cue -e template --out yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: mytest
        env:
        - name: a
          value: b
        image: nginx:v1
    metadata:
      labels:
        app.oam.dev/component: mytest
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.oam.dev/component: mytest
```

You have learned how to use CUE to write a template, it's really cool, right?

> ## What's next?

Reviewer: This section seems useless.

Author: removed

> # Development Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Test and Debug CUE Templates
```

> This section will guide you to learn CUE from the shallower to the deeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation explains how to test and debug CUE templates using CUE CLI as well as dry-run your capability definitions via KubeVela CLI.
```

The rest part of this paragraph is no needed.

After that, you will learn an easy way to test/debug with your CUE templates.

For the newcomers, the first parts are some basic CUE knowledge.
The rest are advanced CUE development tips that will be used in creating KubeVela Definition files.

> ## Install Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

And remove the unneeded  sentences.

    ```shell
    $ cue eval -e b first.cue
    1
    ```

* Export the result. `cue export` will export the result with final value. It will report an error if some variables are not definitive. 
    ```shell
    $ cue export first.cue
    e: cannot convert incomplete value "string" to JSON:
        ./first.cue:9:4
    ```
  We can complete the value by giving a value to `e`, for example:
    ```shell
    echo "e: \"abc\"" >> first.cue
    ```
  Then, the command will work. By default, the result will be rendered in json format. 
    ```shell
    $ cue export first.cue
    {
        "a": 1.5,
        "b": 1,
        "d": [
            1,
            2,
            3
        ],
        "g": {
            "h": "abc"
        },
        "e": "abc"
    }
    ```

* Export the result in YAML format.
    ```shell
    $ cue export first.cue --out yaml
    a: 1.5
    b: 1
    d:
    - 1
    - 2
    - 3
    g:
      h: abc
    e: abc
    ```

* Export the result for specified variable.
    ```shell
    $ cue export -e g first.cue
    {
        "h": "abc"
    }
    ```

For now, you have learned all useful CUE cli operations.

> ## CUE language basic

Reviewer: We are either splitting CUE basic to two places or there's duplication: https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/e17b3a43841829f14488aa586a24c7fd5d5b5ff8/docs/en/cue/basic.md

Author: let's put them togathor in another PR

```
template: {
	apiVersion: "apps/v1"
	kind:       "Deployment"
	spec: {
		selector: matchLabels: {
			"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
		}
		template: {
			metadata: labels: {
				"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
			}
			spec: {
				containers: [{
					name:  parameter.name
					image: parameter.image
					if parameter["config"] != _|_ {
						env: parameter.config
					}
				}]
			}}}
}
```

People who are familiar with Kubernetes may have understood that is a template of K8s Deployment. The `parameter` part
is the parameters of the template.

Append it into the `deployment.cue`.

4. Then, let's append the value by:  

```
parameter:{
   name: "mytest"
   image: "nginx:v1"
   config: [{name:"a",value:"b"}]
}
```

5. Finally, let's export it in yaml:

```shell
$ cue export deployment.cue -e template --out yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: mytest
        env:
        - name: a
          value: b
        image: nginx:v1
    metadata:
      labels:
        app.oam.dev/component: mytest
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.oam.dev/component: mytest
```

> You have learned how to use CUE to write a template, it's really cool, right?

Reviewer: This is not cool, this is boring platform engineering work. Please always use serious and accurate narrative in platform builder docs. Also, the best doc could only have examples and demos.

Author: got

## What's next?

If you're a newcomer to KubeVela, you can go back to learn [how CUE works with KubeVela](./basic.md).

If you have understood KubeVela well and want to learn some advanced CUE development tips, please continue reading.

> ## Advance CUE development guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## A Full Workflow
```

```shell
$ vela system dry-run -f test-app.yaml -d componentdef.yaml
---
# Application(boutique) -- Comopnent(frontend)
---

apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  labels:
    app.oam.dev/component: frontend
    app.oam.dev/name: boutique
    workload.oam.dev/type: microservice
  name: frontend
  namespace: default
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: frontend
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: frontend
        version: v1
    spec:
      containers:
      - env:
        - name: PORT
          value: "8080"
        image: registry.cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/vela-samples/frontend:v0.2.2
        name: frontend
        ports:
        - containerPort: 8080
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: 100m
            memory: 64Mi
      serviceAccountName: default
      terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 30

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  labels:
    app: frontend
    app.oam.dev/component: frontend
    app.oam.dev/name: boutique
    trait.oam.dev/resource: service
    trait.oam.dev/type: AuxiliaryWorkload
  name: frontend
spec:
  ports:
  - port: 80
    targetPort: 8080
  selector:
    app: frontend
  type: ClusterIP

---
```

> I think the `vela system dry-run` can be really helpful, because it runs the same logic with the serverside application controller of KubeVela. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `vela system dry-run` will execute the same logic of `Application` controller in KubeVela. Hence it's helpful for you to test or debug.
```

### Import Kube Package

> KubeVela automatically generates all K8s resources as internal packages by reading K8s openapi from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeVela automatically generates internal packages for all built-in K8s API resources based on K8s OpenAPI.
```
